Add event page for 2.0 launch party (#2534)
pulumi/docs: content/events/launch-v2-seattle-2020-04-15/index.md

    type: ["meetup"]
    # The event address
    location: "1810 6th Ave, Seattle, WA 98101"
    # The start date of an event. Format YYYY-MM-DD
    start_date: "2020-04-15"
    # The end date of an event. Format YYYY-MM-DD
    end_date: "2020-04-15"
    # The start and end time of an event with the time zone.
    # i.e. 5:30PM - 8:30PM (PT)
    # This is only displayed on event specific pages.
    time: "5:00PM - 8:00PM (PT)"
    # The event description shown on the event list page.
    description: "Come help us celebrate the launch of Pulumi 2.0 at The Blind Tiger Speakeasy on April 15.  You’ll get to hear from current Pulumi users, partners and staff while enjoying snacks and drinks on us."
    # The Calendly registrtion url for event specific pages.
    calendly_url: "https://calendly.com/pulumi/v2launch?month=2020-04"
    # The cost of an event.
    cost: "Free"
---

## About the Event

The Pulumi team is excited to announce our version 2.0 release for our customers and community and want you to celebrate with us! Meet other DevOps enthusiasts, learn about all of our new features and enjoy some drinks and snacks on us.

### What’s new in Pulumi 2.0?

> Pulumi 2.0 gives you infrastructure superpowers! This includes best-in-class productivity — now with support for both .NET and Go, multi-language libraries, and testing support.  We're also introducing our new policy as code framework, CrossGuard, which enables you to enforce security rules, compliance guidelines, and cost controls by writing policies in your favorite language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulumi 2.0 gives you infrastructure superpowers! This includes best-in-class productivity — now with support for both .NET and Go, multi-language libraries, and testing support.  We're also introducing our new policy-as-code framework, CrossGuard, which enables you to enforce security rules, compliance guidelines, and cost controls by writing policies in your language of choice.
```
